Is Mimi okay? Mimi
slowly
Yiyi is your biological mother
How can you cut ties with him?
So what?
If I were Ran Ran
I also want to cut off the mother-daughter relationship with him
Just a lowly guy selling barbecue
She is also worthy of being our mother
What's wrong with selling barbecue?
Selling barbecues is also hard work to make money
Why am I not worthy to be his mother?
Just your money
I'm afraid it's not even enough to plug between my teeth
We started this on our own.
The business genius who took the company public in three years
Wait the day after tomorrow
He got a hundred billion dollar restoration of the Empire State Building.
Longyanchi, the head of the project and Longteng Group
Dragon Governor Cooperation
Then you can become a newcomer to the sea market
At that time, I will say goodbye to you
Shi Ranran
Isn't Cloud 100 BBQ also to feed you?
Food, clothing and housing from childhood to adulthood
Which one is not earned by Cloud 100 BBQ?
Why are you doing this to him you shut up
You are just his soft-hearted
The adopted daughter who picked it up by the way
What right do you have to lie here?
He didn't.
Do you think I'm dragging you down again?
Did you know that
The Dragon Rock you are after
Just someone who works for me
Work for you
You don't even see what you are
Okay, don't waste time here
Sign it
Just your kennel
I don't want people to stay in an extra room for a second
Scary smell
relieved
If you mean it yourself
Then you say it yourself
Or are you on top now?
I'm a mother
I don't deserve to say a word to you
You are enough
You don't act in this star
Don't you just want money when you say so much?
I'll give it to you.
1 million enough